1. In category Bangles filter by material not functioning.
2. In category Bangles sort by Name and Price not working.
3. In category Bangles "Back to top" button not working.
4. In About us webpage Home breadcrumb redirects to error page.
5. cursor can be changed for bangles page on add to cart.
6. click on add to cart on bangles page multiple time it stops working.
7. In whishlist Breadcrumb click Home redirects to error page.
8. In whishlist, back to top dont have box its outside.
9. product image is not clicable in whishlist.
10. click on add to cart redirect to product page in whishlist.
11. whishlist button in whishlist not working.
12. clicking on center of image not working.
13. what is the functionality of view more in whishlist.
14. In product page click on add to cart multiple times not working
15. after entering the quantity on product page "add to cart" not working
16. available quantity of product in backend is 1 but that product added twice and also move for checkout with 2 quantity.
17. scroll down to bottom of webpage then click on "jewellery". its not working
18. scroll down to bottom of webpage then click on "our stores". its not working
19. view button in orders in profile section redirects to error page.
20. No option in admin panel for curated shops. 
21. all the options in curated shop is not working.
22. user can register using numeric values in all the required fields.
23. In Jewellery "explore 2021 collection" not working
24. at home page need to change the name of all buttons having "shop the look" to "shop now"
25. there would be a option for forgot password option on login page
26. In profile section there would be a option to change password
27. follow us button and social media buttons are not working
28. In Privacy policy webpage bredcrumb home click redirects to error page
29. In Terms & Conditions webpage bredcrumb-> home, click redirects to error page
30. images are not clicable at the bottom in shop by category.
31. after cancelling the payment , user should be redirect to website again.
32. unable to proceed for checkout with previously added address
33. shipping option is not working at checkout page.
34. unable to proceed for payment gateway by adding new address when previous address is already saved.
